Add some docs for Blazor scalability (#13949)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/hosting-models.md

&dagger;The *blazor.server.js* script is served from an embedded resource in the ASP.NET Core shared framework.

## Server-side Blazor fundamentals

### Comparison with server-rendered UI

> One way to understand Blazor Server app is by understanding how it differs from traditional models for rendering UI in ASP.NET Core applications using Razor views or Razor pages. Both models use the Razor language to describe HTML contents, but signficantly differ in how it's rendered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to understand Blazor Server app is by understanding how it differs from traditional models for rendering UI in ASP.NET Core applications using Razor views or Razor pages. Both models use the Razor language to describe HTML content, but significantly differ in how they are rendered.
```

### UI Latency

UI latency is the time it takes for an action to be initiated, to the time the UI is updated. Smaller values for UI latency are imperative for an application to feel responsive. In a Blazor Server app application, each action is sent to the server, processed, and a UI diff is sent back. Consequently UI latency is the sum of network latency as well as the server latency in processing the action.

For a line of business application that is limited to your private corporate network, the effects of network latency are likely imperceptible. For an application deployed over the public internet, this may become noticeable particularly if your users are geographically distributed.

From our profiling, we think most Blazor server apps are going to be memory bound and memory is going to be other contributor to application latency. More memory use results in more frequent garbage collection or paging memory to disk, both of which degrade application performance and consequently increase UI latency.

> In our measurements, a value of 250ms or less provides a good UI experience. See <xref:best-practices> for ways to measure network latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blazor Server apps should be optimized to minimize UI latency by reducing network latency and memory usage. See <xref:best-practices> for ways to measure network latency.
```

> ## Configuring Blazor Server application

Reviewer: Remove
